DIPSADES. 407

And thus the Danaids try'd‚ but try’d in vain,
To fill the veffcl and relieve his pain.

There were likewise four more verses concerning the eggs, and relating how
he was bit by the serpent whilst looking after thern; but these I cannot re-
colleft. The people who take these eggs not only use thern for food, but
scoop them into cups, having no clay for that purpose, the earth there be-
ing nothing but sand; they are likewise made into a kind of hat, two out of
every egg, each half forming one covering for the head 3 near these eggs the
Dipsas lies hid, and creeping out of the sand, seizes upon the unfortunate
man-3 then follow all the dreadful consequences which Ι have related, he
grows thirsty, and drinks; his thirst inereases, andis unquenchable.

What Ι have here related was not, I swear by Jupiter, with any defign of
rivalling the poet Nicander, nor to ihew you how intimately I was acquaint-
ed with the nature of Libyan serpents, a knowlege more proper for phyfi-
cians, whose business. it is to enquire into these things, that they may be
enabled to find out a remedy for the disorder: Ι only meant (and Ι intreat
you, by Jove the Friendly‚ not to be offended at the comparison), to figni-
fy that I am affe&ed in the same manner with reg-ard to you, as those who·
are bitten by the dipsas ;r Ihvave a perpetual thitst upon me, and the oftener
Ι corne into your company, the more defirous l am of it, and my drought
is unquenchable: nor is it to be wondered at'3 for where (hall 1 meet with.
such a pure and tranflucent flood? you will pardon me, therefore, if, after
so sweet and wholesome a bite, Ijoin my lips close to the spring-head, and
take a copious draught. Never may that fountain bedried up, or leave me
thirsting for more wisdom and knowlege from you ; of that water may Ι for
ever drink! for, as the great Plato long since observed, * of that which is,

truly beautiful and good there is no satiety..

θ’ Ofthat, ἔθα] Gr. κοςος §8⁵14 των nanum.

A DIS-

