NER0;oR‚rH1=.ISTHMUS. 575

M E N E C R A Τ Ε S.

But pray, Musonius, so furioussy fond as hc is of mufic, and of appearing
at the Pythian and Olympiam garneS, what sort of a voice has he? For of
those who-heard him at Lemnos, some admired, and some laughed at him.

M U S O N Ι U S.

His voice, to say the truth, is neither admirable, nor contemptible, nature
has endowed him with a very tolerable one; by the preffure of his throat it
gives a deep and hollow found, so that he does not fing but roar out his
songs; when he does not trust too much to himself, the Ψ accompaniments
support hirn3 and with regard to melody, setting his songs well to the lyre,
and keeping time, it was only a ssmrne that an emperor should aequit him-
self 'so well in thern; but when he pretended to imitate the great masters,
what laughter did it excite amongst the spe&atoi·s l though woe be to them
that smiled on the occafion: he would frequently draw in his breath‚ stand
upon his tip·toes, and turn backwards and forwards, like a man upon the
rack3 then would his face, which is naturally † rosy, become quite red and
fiery: his breath is short and never holds out.

M Ε N Ε C R A T E s. Ἴ

But how do those behave who contend with him, do they always acknow„

Iege his superiority in the arr, and yield to him?

M U S Ο N Ι U S.
Just as they do in wrestling; you remember the tragediam that perished at

the Isthmian garne53 a mufician who opposed him would bc in equal

danger.
MENECRATES.

How was that? for I never heard the story.

M U S O N 1 U S.

It is almost incredible 2 but all Greece was witness to ir.

There is a law forbidding tragedy or comedy to be exhibited at the Isth-
mian gamem Nero, notwithstanding, resolved to have a contest with the
tragedians : amongst those who disputed the prize with him was ar man of
Epirus, who ha‘d an excellent voice, and was universally admired for his
affixig, so ambitious was he of gaining the crown, that he would not give it
up to Nero for less than ten talents; this exasperated the tyram, the Epiros

ἔ* Αι·ι“οηφαηιήιειιίῐ.] Gr. aa& τονοι των φθογγωυ remeassem τετον.
ἦ· Rfflu] Alluding to his chmel& osa toper‚ for which, we are told, he was so eminently
distinguiihed, as instead of Tiberius Nem, to be called Biberius Nero.

W 3 5

