THE COMPLETE ORATOR. 309

tempt3 tell them, what they call difficultis extremely easy, and that they
are afraid of doing any thing great or noble: then without delay rush on,
and say any thing that comes into your head, never going fron] first to se-
cond, and from second to third, but let whatever comes first, be first ad-
vanced3 and if it so happens, put the boot upon your head, and the helmet
on your foot; go on talking, whatever you do, and never be silent. If

you are speaking about an adultery at Athens, be sure you let them know
what is done in such cases at Perfia, and the lndies : above all, do not sor·

get Marathon and Cynagirus, for without them you do nothing: sail to
mount Athos, and go on foot to the Hellespont‚ cover the Sun with Persian
arrOWS, make Xerxes fly, hold up Leonidas to admiration, read the bloody
letters of* Othryades, and talk for ever about Salamis, Artemifium, and
Plataea; dwell perpetually on these, let thern float upon the surface, keep
these flowers always in bloom, and continually repeating your atta and depo-
then, though there is no occasion for them; for they are always beautiful,
even when they are nothing to the purpose.

“ If at any time you have an opportunity of finging, let every thing be
sung3 but ifyou can find nothing fit to be sung, modulate your voice to the
proper tone, address yourselfin fing-song to thejudges‚ and depend upon it,

the harmony is complete. Be sure to repeat frequently, alas! alas! then
strike your thigh, stretch your throat‚ and roar out your words in a loud

scream, and strut about mansully, and shake your posteriors: if they do
not applaud you, be angry with, and abuse theim if they seem ashamed,
and want to go off, stop them, make thern fit down, and, in short, exercise
your full dominion over them. That the vulgar may admire your speeches,
bring your arguments from the fiege of Troy, or rather, if you will, {rom
the marriage of Deucalion and Pyrrha, quire down to the present times.
Understanding hearers are few in number, and out of good nature will say
nothing, or ifthey should, it will only look like envy; but the multitude
will adrnire your dress, voice, walk, gesture, singing, nay even your fine
ffioes, and your atam and when they see you sweat, and toil, and puff, and
blow‚ will never be persuaded but that you are a most accornplished orator:
besides, that the rapidity of your extempore eloquence carries with it no
little excuse for every thing, and always gains admiration with the vulgar.
'sake care, therefore, that you never write down any thing, or seern to

⁴* Othryades] See latter part of Charon, vol. i. and the note upon ir. ·
think

